README.md, before:

# manual\_thefinals\_teriyaki

## Archipelago Manual for The Finals



### Current Status

WIP Beta.

#### Goals:

Regions to better structure progression

Balance

More YAML Options



### Playing

**IMPORTANT: REQUIRES** Universal Tracker By FarisTheAncient

It can be downloaded from their GitHub:
https://github.com/FarisTheAncient/Archipelago/releases





**Important:** Intended to be played in cashout game modes only  (i.e. Cashout, Quick Cash, Head to Head)

It is expected you have ALL the Weapons, Gadgets, and Specializations unlocked (As of Season 9)



Goal: Win rounds with x amount of different weapons



Locations:

Winning on Maps, Conditions, and Variants

Winning matches with Gadgets, and Specializations

An Assortment of challenges we have come up with including:

 	- destroying buildings

 	- Eliminations in a match

 	- Reaching Scoreboard scores

 	- And many more

Items are the Ability to use:

 	- Classes

 	- Specializations

 	- Gadgets

 	- Barrels (Optional)



YAML

You can change the number of weapons from each class you need to win with to Goal

You can decide weather items that exist on maniple classes (i.e. Frag Grenade) needs 1 ore multiple items to unlock for all classes

You can toggle weather Barrels that spawn around the map need to be unlocked

 	

If you find any issues with Logic, Spelling, or anything else please put it in the GitHub issues or the discord thread

Commit message:

updated readme for new ymal option. fix bugs with last commit.

README.md, after:

# manual\_thefinals\_teriyaki

## Archipelago Manual for The Finals



### Current Status

WIP Beta.

#### Goals:

Regions to better structure progression

Balance

More YAML Options



### Playing

**IMPORTANT: REQUIRES** Universal Tracker By FarisTheAncient

It can be downloaded from their GitHub:
https://github.com/FarisTheAncient/Archipelago/releases





**Important:** Intended to be played in cashout game modes only  (i.e. Cashout, Quick Cash, Head to Head)

It is expected you have ALL the Weapons, Gadgets, and Specializations unlocked (As of Season 9)



Goal: Win rounds with x amount of different weapons



Locations:

Winning on Maps, Conditions, and Variants

Winning matches with Gadgets, and Specializations

An Assortment of challenges we have come up with including:

 	- destroying buildings

 	- Eliminations in a match

 	- Reaching Scoreboard scores

 	- And many more

Items are the Ability to use:

 	- Classes

 	- Specializations

 	- Gadgets

 	- Barrels (Optional)



YAML

You can change the number of weapons from each class you need to win with to Goal

You can decide weather items that exist on maniple classes (i.e. Frag Grenade) needs 1 ore multiple items to unlock for all classes

You can toggle weather Barrels that spawn around the map need to be unlocked

You can toggle weather ALL map variants and conditions are locations. There are some condition and variant checks with this disabled.

 

If you find any issues with Logic, Spelling, or anything else please put it in the GitHub issues or the discord thread
